#4 Expose API to ObjC + add Example project (#35)
hCaptcha/HCaptcha-ios-sdk: README.md

### Objective-C Example

> `HCaptcha` can be used from Objective-C code. Checkout the [Example Project](./Example/ObjC)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`HCaptcha` can be used from Objective-C code. Check out the [Example Project](./Example/ObjC)
```
